Sweet and Sour Spare Ribs Sweet and Sour Spare Ribs
Sweet and sour
The main ingredient is fresh pork ribs, and the meat is fresh and tender.
The color of the finished dish glows red.
Sweet
Sweet and sour is a taste that all major Chinese dishes have.
Sweet and sour pork ribs are from Zhejiang province and are a typical Zhejiang dish.
Genuine sweet and sour pork ribs are very special in method and ingredients.
Ribs and ribs are commonly used.
Sweet and sour pork ribs Sweet and sour pork ribs
Sweet and sour
sugar
Sugar and vinegar
spareribs
spareribs
Vinegar
traditional dish of sweet and sour flavor.
It uses fresh pork ribs as the main ingredient, the meat is fresh and tender, 
and the color of the finished dish is red and shiny.
Sweet and sour is a flavor that all major Chinese cuisines have. 
The sweet and sour pork ribs originated in Zhejiang and is a typical Zhejiang dish.
The authentic sweet and sour pork ribs are very particular about the methods and ingredients. 
Made of Rib and ribs
not spicy
Ribs
rib
Generally, the ribs and ribs are used. 
Sweet and Sour Pork Ribs Sweet and Sour Pork Ribs
Sweet and sour
Sour
Sweet and sour traditional dish.
spareribs
It uses fresh spare ribs as the main ingredient, the meat is fresh and tender, 
and the finished dishes are bright red and shiny.
Sweet and sour is the flavor of all major Chinese dishes.
The sweet and sour pork ribs originated in Zhejiang and are typical Zhejiang dishes.
Authentic sweet and sour pork ribs are very particular about methods and ingredients.
Generally, ribs and ribs are used.
Sweet
The pork ribs need to be removed from the blood, drained and marinated for the flavor,
then coated with flour and deep-fried until the surface is golden and crispy. 
Take out for later use. After the sugar color is obtained, the ribs are fried in the pan, 
and finally topped with rice vinegar for a sweet and sour flavor. 
Rice vinegar must be used here. The taste of old vinegar is too strong and affects the taste!
Sweet and Sour Short Ribs (Sweet and Sour Ribs) is a famous dish with delicious flavor and flavor, 
belonging to Zhejiang cuisine.
not spicy
spareribs
The main ingredient is pork ribs, and the main cooking technique is stir-frying. 
The color is oily and the taste is sweet and sour. 
When making the sugar color, the time should not be too long. 
If the color changes slightly, you should pour the seasoning in time and put it in the small row
In addition to protein, fat, and vitamins, ribs also contain a lot of calcium phosphate, collagen, bone mucin
provide calcium for children and the elderly.
Sweet
The ingredients used in Shanghai cuisine are simply 
that the sweet and sour taste uses tomato sauce
which is also the characteristic of Shanghai cuisine.
spareribs
Zhejiang cuisine uses rich materials, exquisite methods, full color, fragrance, and taste; 
Sichuan cuisine pays attention to the essence of spare ribs when making sweet and sour ribs.
Choose a combination with sugar, salt and vinegar.
The sauce for sweet and sour pork ribs is only Shanghai cuisine with tomato sauce and the taste is lighter,
while Zhejiang cuisine and Sichuan cuisine are more important.
not spicy
The sweet and sour pork ribs of Shanghai cuisine and Zhejiang cuisine are cooked dishes, 
while the sweet and sour pork ribs in Sichuan cuisine is a well-known cold dish in Sichuan. 
It uses a deep-fried cooking method. It belongs to the sweet and sour taste, with amber oily, dry aroma and moisturizing. 
It is sour and mellow, it is a good appetizer or appetizer. Very much loved by the Chinese people.
Huaiyang cuisine’s sweet and sour pork ribs
Sweet
It is seasoned with sweet and sour, onion and garlic, and stir-fried with oil. 
The history of sweet and sour pork ribs made in Huaiyang cuisine Shorter than the other three cuisines.
Pork ribs have the effects of nourishing yin, moisturizing dryness, nourishing essence and nourishing blood
suitable for people with insufficient blood and yin deficiency and poor appetite.
Sugar can benefit the spleen and stomach and nourish the skin.
spareribs
The acid enters the liver and gallbladder, nourishing tendons and ligaments. 
Sugar has the effects of moisturizing the lungs and promoting fluid, 
nourishing yin, flavoring, removing bad breath, detoxifying salt and brine, relieving cough,
rejuvenating the lungs, and soothing liver qi.
not spicy
Appropriate consumption also helps to improve the body's absorption of calcium. 
All sweet and sour dishes have the benefits of nourishing liver and spleen meridians. 
In addition to protein, fat, and vitamins, pork ribs also contain a lot of nutrients 
such as calcium phosphate, collagen, and bone mucin. 
After the ribs are stewed, most of the soluble calcium, phosphorus, sodium, potassium, etc. overflow into the soup. 
Calcium and magnesium are easily resolved under acidic conditions.
Sweet
Sweet
Calcium acetate is produced when exposed to acetic acid, which can be better absorbed and utilized by the human body. 
Therefore, sweet and sour pork ribs can improve the nutrient absorption rate of boiled pork ribs,
 which is very suitable for calcium supplementation for the elderly and children.
The pork is rich in high-quality protein and essential fatty acids
provides heme (organic iron) and cysteine to promote iron absorption, 
which can improve iron deficiency anemia;
spareribs
it has the effects of nourishing the kidneys and blood, nourishing yin and moisturizing dryness; 
However, due to the high cholesterol content in pork, 
obese people and those with higher blood lipids should not eat more.
not spicy
The ribs are rich in nutrients such as bone mucin, collagen, calcium phosphate, vitamins, fat, and protein. 
Pork can provide heme organic iron and cysteine to promote iron absorption, 
bone mucin, collagen, calcium phosphate, vitamins, fat, and protein
The vinegar can remove the fishy smell and protect the nutrients in it.
It can reduce the alcohol concentration and sober up.
Sweet
Sweet
It also softens bones and promotes calcium absorption.
It can appetite, help digestion and absorption, make appetite strong, 
eliminate food and reduce accumulation
spareribs
It has good antibacterial and bactericidal effects, 
can effectively prevent intestinal diseases, influenza and respiratory diseases
It can soften blood vessels and lower cholesterol. 
It is a good prescription for cardiovascular and cerebrovascular patients such as hypertension.
It can protect skin and hair well.
It can eliminate fatigue and promote sleep.
Appropriate consumption can also help improve the body's absorption of calcium.
Although sweet and sour pork ribs are delicious, easy to digest and easy to absorb, 
the ribs themselves have a high oil content.
Sweet
Try to eat them with other vegetable supplements and cereal staple foods. 
Don't be gluttonous alone to avoid fat accumulation.
Sweet and sour spareribs sweet and sour spareribs is a representative dish with traditional sweet and sour flavor.
It takes fresh pork chops as the main raw material, the meat is fresh and tender, 
and the finished product is ruddy and glossy.
Sweet and sour is the flavor of every major Chinese cuisine.
Sweet and sour spareribs originated in Zhejiang, which is a typical Zhejiang dish.
Authentic sweet and sour spareribs pay attention to the production methods and ingredients.
In general, ribs and ribs are used.
spareribs
Pork ribs need to be taken from the blood, drained, salted to taste,
Then spread the flour and fry until the surface is golden and crisp.
Take it out for use. After the sweet color comes out, the spareribs are fried in a pan.
Finally, rice vinegar is added to form a sweet and sour taste.
Make sure you use rice vinegar here. The taste of aged vinegar is too strong, affecting the taste!
Sweet and sour spareribs sweet and sour spareribs is a famous dish in Zhejiang Province.
The main ingredient is pork chop, and the main cooking technique is stir frying. The color is sweet and sour.
When making sugar color, the time should not be too long.
Sweet
If the color changes slightly, seasoning should be poured out in time and placed in the small row
In addition to protein, fat and vitamins,
not spicy
spareribs also contain a lot of calcium phosphate, collagen, bone mucin and so on, 
which can provide calcium for children and the elderly.
The raw materials used in Shanghai cuisine are very simple,
spareribs
and tomato sauce is used for sweet and sour taste, which is also a feature of Shanghai cuisine.
Zhejiang cuisine is rich in ingredients, exquisite methods and complete in color, flavor and flavor;
Sichuan cuisine emphasizes sweet and sour spare ribs when making spareribs.
Choose a mixture of sugar, salt and vinegar.
The sauce of sweet and sour spareribs is only Shanghai food with tomato sauce, 
which is light, while Zhejiang and Sichuan cuisine are more important.
Sweet
Sweet
The sweet and sour spareribs of Shanghai cuisine and Zhejiang cuisine are cooked dishes, 
while the sweet and sour spareribs of Sichuan cuisine are well-known cold dishes in Sichuan.
It's fried. It is sour and sweet, amber oil, dry fragrance and moisturizing.
It is sour and mellow, and it is a good appetizer. It is deeply loved by the Chinese people.
The sweet and sour spareribs of Huaiyang cuisine
and the characteristics of Shanghai cuisine in taste.
It is seasoned with sweet and sour, onion and garlic, and then fried in oil. 
The history of Huaiyang sweet and sour spareribs is shorter than the other three cuisines.
Pork chop has the effect of Nourishing Yin, moistening dryness, 
nourishing essence and nourishing blood
Suitable for blood and yin deficiency, anorexia crowd.
Sugar can invigorate the spleen and stomach and nourish the skin.
Sweet
Acid enters the liver and gallbladder, nourishing tendons and ligaments.
It has the functions of Nourishing Yin, moistening lung, 
moistening lung, moistening lung and eliminating odor,
Moisten the lung and soothe the liver.
spareribs
Proper intake also helps to improve the absorption of calcium.
All the sour, sweet, bitter and spicy dishes have the effect of nourishing the liver and spleen meridians.
In addition to protein, fat and vitamins, pork chop also contains a lot of nutrients, 
such as calcium phosphate, collagen and bone mucus.
After stewing, most of the soluble calcium, phosphorus, sodium and potassium overflow into the soup.
Calcium and magnesium decompose easily under acidic conditions.
Calcium acetate is produced in contact with acetic acid, which can be better absorbed and utilized by human body.
Therefore, sweet and sour spareribs can improve the nutritional absorption rate of cooked spareribs, 
which is very suitable for the elderly and children to supplement calcium.
Sweet
Pork is rich in high-quality protein and essential fatty acids, 
provides heme (organic iron) and cysteine, and promotes iron absorption,
It can improve iron deficiency anemia, tonify kidney and blood, nourish yin and moisten dryness;
However, due to the high cholesterol content in pork, fat people and high blood fat people should not eat more.
Ribs are rich in bone mucin, collagen, calcium phosphate, vitamins, fat and protein.
Pork can provide heme organic iron and cysteine, promote iron absorption, 
improve iron deficiency anemia.
Vinegar can remove fishy smell and protect the nutrients.
It reduces alcohol content
spareribs
It can also soften bones and promote calcium absorption.
It can appetizer, help digestion and absorption, make appetite exuberant, eliminate food, reduce accumulation
It has good antibacterial and bactericidal effect 
It can soften blood vessels and lower cholesterol.
Sweet
It protects skin and hair well.
It can eliminate fatigue and promote sleep.
Proper intake also helps to improve the absorption of calcium.
=sweet and sour spareribs are delicious and easy to digest and absorb, 
they have high oil content.
spareribs
Try to eat with other vegetable supplements and cereal staples. Don't be greedy to avoid fat accumulation.
not spicy